Name: Actually Private Messages
ID: actually-private-rolls
Version: 1.5
Description: Enforces privacy for whispered and self targeted chat messages by hiding them from those they're not for, eliminating new message notifications, and silencing the roll sound of unseen rolls.

Name: Big Bad Module Manager
ID: bbmm
Version: 0.0.6
Description: Utility to manage modules and settings.

Name: Cautious Gamemaster's Pack
ID: CautiousGamemastersPack
Version: 1.10.3
Description: Offers various simple handy options.

Name: Chat Portrait
ID: chat-portrait
Version: 13.0.1
Description: Display the Actor's portrait and colors on the Chat Message.

Name: Chat Edit Anduril
ID: chatedit-new
Version: 0.0.43
Description: 

Name: Carousel Combat Tracker
ID: combat-tracker-dock
Version: 4.0.3
Description: Carousel style combat tracker. Spiritual successor of Combat Carousel

Name: Condition Lab & Triggler
ID: condition-lab-triggler
Version: 2.1.0
Description: Adds various combat-focused features

Name: Custom CSS
ID: custom-css
Version: 2.4.2
Description: Add custom CSS to your world

Name: DF Active Lights
ID: df-active-lights
Version: 2.0.0
Description: Lights can now have complex animations attached to their various properties such as the direction or colour.

Name: Dice Tray
ID: dice-calculator
Version: 3.4.6
Description: Adds a dice tray below chat, and turns the d20 near chat into a dice calculator.

Name: Dice So Nice!
ID: dice-so-nice
Version: 5.2.1
Description: Adds customizable 3D dice to Foundry VTT with lots of options to fit your playstyle.

Name: Earth Calendar
ID: earth-calendar
Version: 0.0.2
Description: 

Name: Follow Me!
ID: FollowMe
Version: 10.0.3
Description: Allows tokens to follow other tokens.

Name: Show me the ROLL
ID: foundryvtt-show-me-the-roll
Version: 1.3.6
Description: This module automatically expand chat messages containing dice roll results and hide specific elements within those messages.

Name: Gamemaster Title Editor
ID: gamemaster-title-editor
Version: 1.1.2
Description: Allows you to customize the Gamemaster's title (e.g., "The Keeper" instead of "GM"). This replaces the title in the Players List and A/V panel.

Name: GM Notes
ID: gm-notes
Version: 10.5
Description: Adds the option to create Notes for Actors, Items, Lights, Tiles, Drawings and JournalEntrys only accessible to GMs

Name: Health Estimate
ID: healthEstimate
Version: 34.2.2
Description: Gives players ability to see approximate health status of a token

Name: Hide Compendiums & Folders
ID: hide-compendiums-and-folders
Version: 0.4
Description: Allows you to selectively hide compendiums and folders via a configuration menu.

Name: Item Piles
ID: item-piles
Version: 3.2.27
Description: This module adds the ability for items to be dropped onto the ground, and then picked up.

Name: Thumbnails for Journal Entries
ID: journal-thumbnail
Version: 2.1.0
Description: A simple module that uses the image of a journal entry as a thumbnail

Name: libWrapper
ID: lib-wrapper
Version: 1.13.3.0
Description: Library for wrapping core Foundry VTT methods, meant to improve compatibility between packages that wrap the same methods.

Name: Mass Import Folder
ID: mass-import
Version: 0.1.6
Description: This module makes easier to import data into the world. It'll read a folder with images, videos or PDFs and turn then into Foundry VTT entities.

Name: Module List Export
ID: module-list-export
Version: 1.0.3
Description: A simple module created to export the list of installed modules for record-keeping.

Name: Monk's Little Details
ID: monks-little-details
Version: 13.02
Description: Things to tidy up the interface and flow

Name: Monk's Scene Navigation
ID: monks-scene-navigation
Version: 13.02
Description: Re-organize the scene navigation to show scenes on one line, and to respect the folder structure.  As well as adding some quality of life improvments for navigating scenes.

Name: Monk's Sound Enhancements
ID: monks-sound-enhancements
Version: 13.02
Description: You can now see what sound files are included in the compendium playlists, preview each file, and then drag and drop individual files.  And if you want to import the play list, you can now select individual files to include in the import, rather than importing the entire list.

Name: Soundboard & Soundpad (by Moulinette)
ID: moulinette-soundboards
Version: 1.2.3
Description: A soundboard to organize your audio and play it effortlessly. Includes sound and music boards from creators like Tabletop Audio and Michael Ghelfi Studios (requires supporting them).

Name: Not Your Turn!
ID: NotYourTurn
Version: 3.0.1
Description: Block token movement if it's not the token's turn.

Name: Alternative Pause Icon
ID: pause-icon
Version: 13.003
Description: Set your pause icon to whatever image you prefer, and set the message to your liking too. Supported formats are jpg, png, webP and gif. Set your rotation speed too!

Name: Playerlist Status - Lib for View status on Playerlist
ID: playerListStatus
Version: 4.0.0
Description: A Lib you can set Status to the playerlist

Name: Player Status
ID: playerStatus
Version: 4.0.1
Description: Track if user write something or are afk

Name: Playlist Enchantment
ID: playlistenchantment
Version: 1.3.5
Description: Some minor tweaks to enhance the playlist experience. Drag playlists to the hotbar and enjoy some additional playlist controls. Read more on the github project page.

Name: Polyglot
ID: polyglot
Version: 2.6.5
Description: Talk to others using a language you can speak and scrambles text you can't understand, in several fantasy scripts.

Name: PopOut!
ID: popout
Version: 2.21
Description: <p>This module adds a PopOut! button to most actor sheets, journal entries, and applications.</p><p>The PopOut! button allows you to open a sheet/application/document into its own window, for easier viewing or for use with multiple monitors.</p>

Name: Precise Drawing Tools
ID: precise-drawing-tools
Version: 1.6.1
Description: Improves the freehand drawing tools to enable more detailed artwork.

Name: Pull Players to Scene
ID: pull-players-to-scene
Version: 2.0.0
Description: Adds a context menu option on scenes to open a dialog to select players to pull to a scene.

Name: Silver Star Maps - Bank
ID: SilverStar_Bank
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A bank with two vaults, multiple entries and rooms. Ideal for a heist!

Name: Silver Star Maps - Bunker
ID: SilverStar_Bunker
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A two-story bunker that serves as a hideout for more than a dozen people

Name: Silver Star Maps - Data Center
ID: SilverStar_DataCenter
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A large data center run by a shady corporation!

Name: Silver Star Maps - Dive Bar
ID: SilverStar_DiveBar
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A local dive bar with modern, 1920's-era, and cyberpunk variants

Name: Silver Star Maps - Highway
ID: SilverStar_Highway
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A collection of highways across various environments.

Name: Silver Star Maps - Military Base
ID: SilverStar_MilitaryBase
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A small recon outpost.

Name: Silver Star Maps - Motel
ID: SilverStar_Motel
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A roadside motel that has seen better days

Name: Silver Star Maps - Police Station
ID: SilverStar_PoliceStation
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A large police station with a jail, offices for detectives, and an armory!

Name: Silver Star Maps - Secret Lab
ID: SilverStar_SecretLab
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A hidden lab that guards technology and secrets unknown to the public

Name: Silver Star Maps - Shipping Port
ID: SilverStar_ShippingPort
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A labyrinth of shipping containers in a shipping yard.

Name: Silver Star Maps - Shopping Mall
ID: SilverStar_ShoppingMall
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A large 2-story shopping mall.

Name: Silver Star Maps - Warehouse
ID: SilverStar_Warehouse
Version: 1.0.0
Description: A dusty warehouse with rows of shelves that is secretly a front for smuggling.

Name: socketlib
ID: socketlib
Version: v1.1.3
Description: A library for easier handling of foundry sockets

Name: Stairways (Teleporter)
ID: stairways
Version: 0.11.1
Description: Easily create stairways (teleporter) within one scene or between two scenes.

Name: Token Frames
ID: token-frames
Version: 1.7.0
Description: Token Frames FoundryVTT

Name: Show Art
ID: token-hud-art-button
Version: 1.3.0
Description: This module adds a button to the token or tile HUD that opens the target actor's artwork, or their token artwork on right-click. It also adds shortcut keybindings: Shift+Z shows a tile/token to everyone, Shift+X shows an actor's art to everyone, hold Alt with either to show to only yourself.

Name: Token Variant Art
ID: token-variants
Version: 6.0.1
Description: Searches a customizable list of directories and displays art variants for tokens/actors through pop-ups and a new Token HUD button. Variants can be individually shared with players allowing them to switch out their token art on the fly.

Name: Token Warp
ID: tokenwarp
Version: 13.347.2
Description: A small module for Foundry VTT, helping GMs to avoid revealing their maps by automatically removing tokens movement animation when going through walls.

Name: Torch
ID: torch
Version: 3.1.0
Description: Torch HUD Controls

Name: Vauxs' Archives
ID: vauxs-archives
Version: 2.1.3
Description: 

Name: Tokenizer
ID: vtta-tokenizer
Version: 4.5.6
Description: Tiny yet capable in-game token editor

Name: Yendor's Scene Actors
ID: yendors-scene-actors
Version: 2.0.0
Description: Show actor images on your scenes easily with a nice actor selector ui.

Name: Z Scatter
ID: z-scatter
Version: 2.0.1
Description: Automatically force snap small and medium-sized tokens in the same square, for better token management in the grid.